README.md, before:

# FRC Badge V2
A small keychain pcb in the shape of a hexagon that lights up LEDs using a 555 chase circuit and is powered by usb-c

I built this project because I want to integrate my electronic skills with a major part of my life - FRC. I also wanted a cool keychain to have and thought might as well build it myself

The main use case for this project is to connect to backpack using the hole in the top. If I want to power it I can just plug into any usb-c leaving me an easy way to power it on the go

This is V2 redesign from my first design which was built as part of Hackclub Solder

Built with help from Hackclub Blueprint

# Contact
@Ari H. U08QRTADZTJ

# Pictures
| Schematic | PCB | 3D Front | 3D Back | 
|------------------|--------------------|-------------|-------|
|<img width="986" height="671" alt="FRC Badge V2 Schematic" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2507eb82-b7b8-4dd0-a085-2317bc0e5a78" /> | <img width="486" height="581" alt="FRC Badge V2 PCB" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1a13d60f-089f-429b-9684-b7760d775a45" /> |  <img width="763" height="844" alt="FRC Badge V2 Front 3d" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3888c360-3152-4858-b0e0-2559d3086be2" /> | <img width="779" height="849" alt="FRC Badge V2 Back 3d" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a16da938-f671-4d46-9436-86449814d5d5" /> |

# BOM

| Component | QTY | 
|----------|--------|
| NE555P | 1 |
| CD4017 | 1 |
| 1uF Elctrolytic Capacitor | 1 |
| 0.01uF Capacitor | 1 |
| Potentiometer | 1 |
| 1K Ohm Resitor | 1 |
| 470 Ohm Resistor | 1 |
| 5k Ohm Resistor | 2 |
| LEDs | 10 |
| 1x1 Female Connector| 1 |
| 6p Power USB-C connector | 1 |

Commit message:

Update README with tools and project link
Added project tools and updated project description with a link.

README.md, after:

# FRC Badge V2
A small keychain pcb in the shape of a hexagon that lights up LEDs using a 555 chase circuit and is powered by usb-c

I built this project because I want to integrate my electronic skills with a major part of my life - FRC. I also wanted a cool keychain to have and thought might as well build it myself

The main use case for this project is to connect to backpack using the hole in the top. If I want to power it I can just plug into any usb-c leaving me an easy way to power it on the go

This is V2 redesign from my first design which was built as part of Hackclub Solder. [FRC_Badge](https://github.com/Ari-Hetti/FRC_Badge)

Built with help from Hackclub Blueprint

# Contact
@Ari H. U08QRTADZTJ

# Pictures
| Schematic | PCB | 3D Front | 3D Back | 
|------------------|--------------------|-------------|-------|
|<img width="986" height="671" alt="FRC Badge V2 Schematic" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2507eb82-b7b8-4dd0-a085-2317bc0e5a78" /> | <img width="486" height="581" alt="FRC Badge V2 PCB" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1a13d60f-089f-429b-9684-b7760d775a45" /> |  <img width="763" height="844" alt="FRC Badge V2 Front 3d" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3888c360-3152-4858-b0e0-2559d3086be2" /> | <img width="779" height="849" alt="FRC Badge V2 Back 3d" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a16da938-f671-4d46-9436-86449814d5d5" /> |

# BOM

| Component | QTY | 
|----------|--------|
| NE555P | 1 |
| CD4017 | 1 |
| 1uF Elctrolytic Capacitor | 1 |
| 0.01uF Capacitor | 1 |
| Potentiometer | 1 |
| 1K Ohm Resitor | 1 |
| 470 Ohm Resistor | 1 |
| 5k Ohm Resistor | 2 |
| LEDs | 10 |
| 1x1 Female Connector| 1 |
| 6p Power USB-C connector | 1 |

## Tools

This project uses:

- [KiCad](https://www.kicad.org/)
- [Hack Club Blueprint Blinky Tutorial](https://blueprint.hackclub.com/starter-projects/blinky)
